- Now, that's how
you get pink eye.
- You [bleep] like him.
Just say it.
- I would date
Vinny, full blown.
- Wow.
- Feel it.
- If he's feeling better,
maybe you could still
catch a tournament tonight.
- Are you sure?
Love you. Bye.
- M.
- V.
- P.
- BDS.
- BDS is a professional
athlete.
- From The Jersey Shore,
Mike "The Situation."
[cheering]
It's happening.
- My God, we still have
to do this cheer thing.
- It's going to be great.
Tell me when.
- I'm embarrassed.
- ♪ Get crazy, get wild ♪
♪ Let's party, get loud ♪
- Yeah, buddy!
- ♪ If you wanna have fun ♪
- Party's here!
- The Situation
is under construction.
- We're so classy now.
- On the seventh day,
it'll be lit.
- Get the frig out of here,
you crazy!
- Um, hello?
- ♪ If you wanna have fun,
then do something crazy ♪
- ♪ Are you ready?
'cause it's game time ♪
♪ Everybody focus
with the same mind ♪
♪ I've been trying ♪
- So both of my flights
this morning were canceled.
I just sat on the runway
for three hours.
I am just going to go
home because I feel
like by time I
get to Charlotte,
they are going to
be coming home.
I tried my best, Mike.
I hope that you
are doing amazing.
[upbeat music]
- Welcome back, everybody,
to Rock Hill, South Carolina,
where athletes become
legends and legends
will live on forever.
Live on The Ocho and ESPN2,
this is the ACL SuperHole III.
So far today in
the quarterfinals,
Jay Cutler came up short,
and Doug Flutie has prevailed.
And before our next
match-up,
looks like
Mike "The Situation"
brought his own cheer squad.
Let's get to the floor
and check out their routine.
- When I say corn,
you say hole!
Corn!
Oh, my God, this
is embarrassing.
We're the best.
It's just me and Ange.
Jenni didn't want
to do the cheer.
both: We're team BDS!
- This is like my
worst nightmare.
- We're the best.
- We're team BDS.
This is just, like, awkward.
- We're the best.
We're team BDS.
- But now all of a sudden, the
girls start to turn it around.
- We're the best!
We're team BDS!
- I mean, this
is a cornhole crowd.
- We're team BDS!
[cheering]
- That's not easy.
- Let's go!
- Yay!
- Well, that was
surely something.
And now, just a quick
reminder about how our matches
are scored.
10 rounds in a game.
Highest score at the
end of 10 rounds wins.
One point
for a sack on the board.
Three points
for a sack in the hole.
Now, it's time for our
last quarterfinal match-up.
We have Ben Rector
going up against--
- Straight from
The Jersey Shore,
"The Situation" Sorrentino.
[cheering]
- Who will move on
in the competition,
and who will be going home?
Let's take it back
to the floor and find out.
- Best of luck, man.
[dramatic music]
I'm super focused.
I've done a ton of practice.
Release.
[buzzer blares]
Ah.
Come on.
- Ooh, a little rusty, bro.
- I really put the work in.
- All right, let's go.
Come on, champ.
- I'm having trouble breathing.
This right here is
the life of a pro athlete.
[snores]
And now it's time to show up.
[cheering]
announcer: Now it's time
for the main event.
Oh, yeah, SuperHole
championship, yeah.
[cheering]
- Get it!
- Yes!
- Yes.
- Shh.
- Come on, Mike.
[cheering]
- Look at this again.
Way up in the air,
a unique technique.
But he just slides it right in.
- 3-0 Sorrentino.
[cheering]
- Get your six, Mike!
Get your six.
- Yes.
- You got it, Mike.
[hip-hop music]
[bell dings]
- Yes.
- Mike, you're in the zone.
I cannot believe it.
Mike doesn't suck.
- Get your second hole! Whoo!
- Yeah, we got a situation.
- We got a situation
right now, for sure.
- ♪ History repeats itself ♪
♪ Try and you succeed ♪
♪ Never doubt that
you're the one ♪
♪ And you can have the dream ♪
- Get your second hole!
- ♪ You're the best around ♪
[cheering]
- Mike is getting sacks
in the hole.
He's getting his points.
Honestly, I'm very surprised.
He might, like, be, like,
really good at this.
♪ ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna ever
slow you down ♪
[cheering]
♪ Nothing's gonna ever
keep you down ♪
♪ You're the best ♪
- [bleep]
- All right. All right.
- Good job, Mike.
You got this.
Let's go!
- Round number six.
- He's still got it.
We're good.
- Ooh!
[cheering]
- 12-4,
Trzcienski-Sorrentino.
- Let's go, Mike.
- You got this, Mike.
- What a bag.
- Come on.
- I'm not going to lie.
Things are taking a turn,
and it's not looking so good.
Like, [bleep] getting real.
They're on a comeback.
- It's okay.
- 12-8.
- You get to within five,
you've got a chance.
Anything's possible here.
[tense music]
- How the [bleep]
did that happen?
- And now make it 12 to 9.
A huge round here.
Now, a lot of pressure
here on "The Situation."
♪ ♪
- You got it, Mike.
- Mike, let's go.
- I'm starting to get in my
head a little bit right now.
I'm missing more
and more shots.
- Ooh.
- Ah, it's getting tight.
♪ ♪
[bell chiming]
- Ooh.
- Get it, Mike. Get it, Mike.
Get it, Mike.
[bell chiming]
- Oh, [bleep].
- Are you [bleep] kidding me?
- Oh, my gosh,
and a lead change.
Wow.
- 16-12.
- [laughs]
- This is the last
and final round.
- [bleep], man.
[bleep]
- Come on.
We only have, like,
a couple throws left,
and the team is now ahead.
And I'm like,
how did this happen?
[bell dings]
- I'm going to throw
my pom-pom at him.
He's got to get that sack
in the hole.
I mean, it all comes down
to this, and that's it.
- Come on, Mike!
[tense music]
♪ ♪
announcer: That will do it.
- Yeah, I'm feeling
a little defeated right now.
We lost 16 to 13.
- No!
- It's all right.
- I feel that I let victory
slip through my fingers.
I had it.
- It's all right.
- All right, Mike.
- He did so good.
- I really wish I
had a better showing.
I--I--I don't want
to give any excuses,
but, you know,
we just fell short.
I guess the consolation prize
is that we did
a little bit better
than Jay Cutler.
[buzzer blares]
He had a quick exit.
- Killed it.
- Just coming here,
you already won, Mike.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yes.
- Really.
- Mike, you're a legend.
- I'ma check this guy for
performance-enhancing drugs.
- It looks like
it's an easy game.
In general, like,
it's [bleep] hard
to get those sacks
in the hole.
Jesus Christmas, like,
it's [bleep] hard.
- I got in my head
at the end, yeah.
- It's okay.
- He's gonna take
it over next year.
I see it coming, Mike.
- Mike, you crushed it.
- You did so good.
- All right, guys,
thanks for your support.
- No, Mike, we're
not just saying it.
- Sometimes Angelina can't
find the hole, either.
- Shut up, you dick.
I have no problems with that.
You did so good, though.
- But hey, at least
Jay Cutler lost, too.
- That's true.
- He lost before
he even went on.
- He was a quicker exit.
- That's all that matters.
- He was a quick exit.
- That's what you get
for running your mouth,
Cutler chooch.
- [screams]
- Angelina, this is what
your vagina looks like.
[cheering]
- I want to be a caveman.
- We made fire!
- We did.
- I'm a firefighter.
- What should we do with Ange?
- She said she likes him.
- She does like him.
- I don't know, man.
I think she's falling
for the Keto Guido.
- You never know what
can happen one day.
- All right, so you're
saying there's a chance.
- Let's go to the VIP.
- All right, let's go.
We're gonna see Butler
there, by the way.
You know that.
- ♪ Pull up to the club ♪
♪ We in VIP ♪
- I'm drunk.
- I know you are.
Jay, Jay, you lost.
- You were talking
stuff in the DM.
- Can I knee you in the balls?
- We're all losers.
- I didn't even play Mike.
- What is she doing?
- Is your love language
hitting people?
This bitch assaults Jay Cutler.
- No offense.
- They will call the cops
on your ass.
- Bye.
I'm running away.
- Good to see you.
- "The Situation."
- Good to see you, bro.
- Good to see you.
- Take care, man.
Yo, God bless, guys.
- See you, buddy.
- Oh, you're here.
- Snooki.
- You're the best.
- I love you, Snooki.
- All right, guys,
let's get it.
- Bye, baby.
You be good, okay?
- Ooh, you're really
hugging me right now.
- I know.
- Make sure you don't
slap my ass, all right?
- Huh?
- I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
- All right. Let's go.
I need to wash this L off.
- Let's go eat.
- Shotgun, called it.
- ♪ Too much
ain't never enough ♪
♪ Some might say
call it a bluff ♪
♪ Know they ain't
talking to us, nah ♪
- Hey, guys, who would be on
the Italian Mount Rushmore?
- MVP would be on there, man.
- John Gotti.
- Da Vinci.
- Joe Pesci.
- Al Capone.
- Lady Gaga.
- Luca Brasi.
- Pavarotti.
- Where are we?
Is this a country club?
Oh, I need a martini.
- Facts.
- Oh, I don't think we're
dressed appropriately
for a country club.
- You are.
- 100% no.
- I'm in biker shorts.
[intense electronic music]
Are we allowed
to walk on the mulch?
- Yeah, I'm underdressed.
- Yeah.
- I didn't know
it was this nice.
- Bro, club napkins
and [bleep].
- ♪ I can just tell you
ain't never been a boss ♪
♪ By your talk,
I've been calling my shots ♪
♪ Like I'm playing with you ♪
- Cheers.
- To my boy, Mike.
- Cheers to Mike.
- You did one hell of a job
at that tournament.
- Mike, you're our champion.
- Thank you, guys.
Love you guys.
- Regardless.
- Thank you, guys.
- You did your thing, man.
- Thank you, guys,
for the support, guys.
- You killed it.
- You adult porn star.
- Thank you, guys.
- How's Lauren doing?
- She gave me
the best news today.
She came from the doctor.
- Yeah.
- She's pregnant?
- Baby's perfect.
- Oh, good.
- Is it a her or a him?
- We do know the sex.
Honey, looks like we
got something important
that came in the mail.
- It's the gender.
- Stop it.
Really?
- Yeah.
- Can you say?
- I can't announce it.
- Wait, is it a boy or a girl?
- Yeah, are you going
to get pink or blue stuff?
- I cannot say.
- You don't have to tell us.
Just let us know.
Is it a boy or a girl?
- Yeah.
- We all know Mike
"The Situation,"
and that man cannot keep
a secret.
- You know, we actually baking
a cake for you right now.
- Mike walks in
the room and goes,
you know we're making
a Funfetti cake for you.
- Shut the [bleep] up.
- If you tell us, we won't
tell nobody that you told us.
- Yeah, we're not
going to tell anybody.
- So you're saying
it's another boy?
- Are you happy it's a boy?
- Are you happy that he
has a little brother?
- Does it have a penis?
- Me and Lauren
haven't officially
announced the gender,
because I want
to have a true gender reveal.
- Wait, what are you having,
a boy or a girl?
- I can't say.
Is Romeo going to have a little
brother or a little sister?
Just let's do a peek.
- Okay, ready?
- Ready, go.
1, 2--
- Breathe if you're
having a boy.
Ooh, I knew it.
He's having a boy.
- Oh, my God, I saw it!
[screaming]
- Would Lauren be
pissed if you slipped?
- Yes.
We did it, honey.
We did it.
Oh, my God, we did it.
- I love you.
- We did it.
- It's a girl!
- Do you have any names?
- I can't say.
- All right, I have--
I have a name that you
might name your son.
- Okay, what is it?
- Oh!
- No, no, no, no.
- He tripped up.
He tripped up.
- He said it. He said it.
- Oh.
- What was said?
- He tripped up.
- [bleep]
- Your face is red.
- Listen, be surprised, okay?
- He's upset with her.
- Be surprised at
the gender reveal.
- Oh, 100%.
- Be surprised.
- [gasps] Oh, [bleep].
- 100%.
- I thought the gender reveal
was for the parents
to find out the gender.
- Now, it's time to plan
a gender reveal--
- I'm in shock.
- --with the squad.
- Whoo.
- All right, can I jump
out of a plane?
- [laughs] What?
- Can I jump out of a plane?
- No.
- Mike and Lauren
know the gender.
So they just do gender reveals
for other people.
- But you know
with the second one,
you're not even supposed
to do a gender reveal.
- You know that.
- Oh, really?
- You don't go crazy.
- A gender reveal is, like,
considered, like, my thing.
So it probably would
be sort of big.
- My money don't jiggle-jiggle.
- What, are you like
a DJ or something?
- In my past life.
- Oh, cool.
Weren't you an EMT?
- You were an EMT?
- I was trying
to be a firefighter.
In order to be a firefighter
you have to be an EMT--
- Holy [bleep].
- And I got my EMT, yeah.
- Oh, I could see that.
- No way.
- So I went to school
to be a firefighter,
then I got a call to go
to "Jersey Shore"
for 30 days.
- What's that?
- Oh, my God.
And then it just--
- How did you guys hear about
the "Jersey Shore" casting?
- I was in Brooklyn
at a nightclub,
and somebody
tapped my shoulder.
I was like, who the
[bleep] is this?
And then she gave me her card.
She said, come tomorrow.
I was like, all right.
I am the Kim Kardashian
of Staten Island, baby.
You guys ready to party
with me this summer?
I'm ready to go wild.
- I get a phone call,
and then they were like,
oh, we like your look
for a show,
wanna film a day in your life.
I'm like, all right.
They come to my house,
and they're like,
this kid's the real deal.
He has an Italian flag tattoo
on his back,
and he has an Italian flag
above his bed.
I was born and raised a Guido.
It's just a lifestyle.
It's being Italian.
It's representing family,
friends,
tanning, gel, everything.
- How'd you get on the show?
- A friend of mine sent me
the application,
and then I filled it out.
And I was like,
I don't have a tan.
I don't have muscles.
I'm a Guido.
Most people might
consider being a Guido
like you're stupid,
but I went to school,
graduated college.
That doesn't shy
away from, say,
I don't have fun at night,
you know what I mean?
And I party and fist pump
like the best of them.
- My casting tape was going out
with the Gotti boys at a club.
- Oh, yeah, she's with Carmine.
- How embarrassing.
- Dancing with Carmine.
- I am like a praying mantis.
After I have sex with a guy,
I will rip their heads off.
Let the party begin, bitch.
- How about you?
- You were the first guy
casted on the show.
- This is the Situation
right here.
My abs are so ripped up, it's--
you call it the Situation.
I had just gotten out of rehab
for my first time.
And my dad said that he was
gonna kick me out of the house.
And someone said, listen,
I heard they're
casting for a reality show.
And then we shot at the club.
We shot at the gym.
We shot at the tanning salon.
- Oh, my God.
- And he said,
"This is exactly,"
he's like,
"what we're looking for."
- Back in the day when we
started this crazy journey,
I had no idea it was
gonna turn into,
like, my whole life.
- And I did not know
what the [bleep] I was
getting myself into back then.
But it's--it's a blessing.
- The fact that, like,
I got to do a show,
I'm like, ooh, yay.
But like, who knew we were
going to still be friends?
- We've had our ups and downs.
But we always make our way,
you know, back to being friends
and being family,
and that's what it's all about.
- This was a
life-changing experience,
whether you like it or not.
- And maybe we should
get a shore house next--
next summer.
[cheering]
- Let's do it!
- Still friends.
- 14 years.
- Look at you now!
- Mike, show the Situation.
- Oh, it's not ready right now.
[laughter]
[upbeat music]
- ♪ Ey, no one's gonna
give me ♪
♪ No one's going to give me ♪
- ♪ I walk into the room
with all those eyes on me ♪
- Salute.
- Cheers.
- Still friends.
- 14 years.
- Look at you now!
- Look at us!
- [laughs]
- Oh, no, I'm glad we
were able to do this.
I got to get
to Vegas for a show.
Good night, guys.
- What a nice dinner.
- We got to say
goodbye to Pauly.
Yo.
- My man. [bleep].
- Thank you
for supporting me, man.
- Yes, sir.
- Thank you so much.
- Our night is not done.
It's time to go
from country restaurant
to the country bar.
- Oh, my God. I'm full.
This hurts.
- I can't believe I got out
of Mike that he's having a boy.
[upbeat electronic music]
♪ ♪
- Oh, my God.
- Get out.
- Where are we?
Come on, bubbarard.
- It's crazy down there.
- Yeah, my worst
nightmare again.
[cheering]
- Yeah. [laughs]
- All right,
we're gonna go to the tap.
- It's past my bedtime.
- Now, we're in a treehouse.
[laughs]
- There's spiders everywhere.
I'm panicking.
- [screams]
- Watch this.
[cheering]
- Do it now.
- Yeah!
[cheering]
- No!
- Just look over and wave.
- I'm not the president.
- Just come here,
come here and wave.
- Neither are we.
- JWOWW! JWOWW!
[cheering]
- I'm nervous.
I hate you.
- Did you see her?
She went like this.
- I closed my eyes
the whole time.
- Oh, no, not on my shoe.
- RIP to my shoe.
- Oh, no, her shoe.
- Another one on
another vacation.
- Jenni, people are dying.
- [bleep] off.
Ah, look, there's a spider web.
I'm going home.
I have a wet shoe and
a spider impregnating one
of my [bleep] holes right now.
I'm leaving.
- Honestly, I'm just trying
to enjoy my last night.
I'm still ready to party.
And Mom Jenni is just
like, let's go home.
Like, oh, my God.
- Bathrooms and then leave.
- I'm going
straight to leaving.
I can't walk,
because my heel is wet,
and it's gonna slip.
- ♪ Get hype, get hype,
get hype ♪
[groans]
I need to leave.
Angelina, please.
[upbeat music]
(SINGING) We're serious.
No, I don't play.
- Hell yeah.
- Bye, buys.
- Thank you.
- How far are we?
I'm dying.
- Ah, here we go.
Jenni is back to being
Prickly Elder right now.
- Oh, yeah.
I'm Meena.
You're Dren.
What is this?
- Prickly Elder.
[laughter]
- We all have drunk alter egos.
- You got whacked, bitch.
- Jenni is PE, Prickly Elder.
- [gasps] Oh, my God.
[screams]
- She's not having fun,
just like a mean,
old lady bitch.
- [groans]
- I miss Deena.
[upbeat music]
- People down here are so nice.
- You need to find yourself a
nice Southern country girl.
- It's true.
- I hope I see a deer.
- [yawns]
- So weird.
[bell dings]
- I miss Deena.
- How many times are
you going to say that?
- This is where I miss
my meatball because she
is a good time when it
comes to, like, you know,
having fun on a trip.
I kind of want to put
my head out like a dog.
Hello, open road.
I see you, deer.
This is a nice nature...walk.
- What the [bleep]
are you doing?
- I'm looking for aliens.
- Oh, my God.
You're gonna lose an eyelash.
- Oh, there goes my lash.
- No, I want to go
the [bleep] home.
- Jenni, we're driving home.
Oh, my God.
- No, they're slowing
down because of you.
- Oh, my God.
- Go in the wilderness
when we get home.
- Honestly.
I miss you, Deeners.
- You said it 25 times.
[dynamic electronic music]
♪ ♪
- Come on, Ange.
- Ugh. Ow.
- I need to go to bed.
- [screams]
- Should I lock them out now?
- Yeah, lock them
the [bleep] out.
I am not entertaining
Dren tonight.
I am going the [bleep] to bed.
- All right,
I got to get to bed.
Let's get to bed.
- Good night, guys.
- I miss Pauly.
♪ ♪
- Life of an athlete.
- Do you want to have a nice
drink now that we're home?
- Nicole--
- We're in our cozies.
- I am so tired.
- Angeliners, she's
always saying,
"I'm so fun.
I'm going to hang out.
Whoo!"
She can't hang.
Good night.
- Go.
- Okay.
She's a [bleep] "corcus."
A carcass and then a carcass.
Listen, if Deener was here--
- I'm going to bed.
- I'm sorry. I'm very tired.
- I miss Deener.
It's our last night, you know?
You don't want to have
a nice glass of wine?
I don't mind, like, going
by the fire and having a wine.
This is kind of where
I miss Deeners
because Deeners--
we would, like, pull through.
Deena would do anything,
I feel.
I miss Deeners.
Deener.
I have no friends.
We're leaving tomorrow.
- I have to go to bed.
- I miss you, Deeners.
I need my meatball, honestly.
Like, I mean--
- All right, good night.
Bye, after you say
sorry right now
and tell me something else.
Take it back.
- I mean, I take it back,
but you said
you were gonna be my meatball.
I'm not begging for you, bitch.
- Bye.
- Deener, I miss you.
- So annoying.
[upbeat music]
- You said you were
gonna be my meatball.
I'm not begging for you, bitch.
- I am your meatball,
but you don't have to say,
I miss my other meatball.
I'll go to have one drink
with you outside,
and then we'll have a fire.
Last night was a crazy night.
I'm tired as [bleep].
- You're being annoying.
You want to go to sleep.
- I said yes.
Wow, how does
she stay up till 5:00
in the morning every night?
Come on.
I'm down to say yeah.
I said, okay, I'll have one
drink with you by the fire.
- Are you serving a plate?
This is my time.
This is my last night,
and I kind of want
to get drunk a little bit.
All right.
Angeliners?
Whoo!
- That was--
- Bitch.
I miss Deena.
She would not do that.
- I'm going to bed.
One more time,
I'm going to bed.
I swear of God,
I get really mad
when you do that.
I love you.
- Okay, I'm sorry.
- But Jesus Christ, I don't
have to hear that every time.
Cheers.
- Cheers.
I should make the fire.
- We have to?
Okay.
- Do you have a match?
- No, I don't have a match.
Okay.
- Oh, my God. Ooh.
- Whoo.
- Ooh, there is bug in my eye.
- No, there's not.
What?
- How did we start this?
- Where's that box?
- Fire, let it be lit.
- Let it rain.
- Oh, yeah, get a branch.
- What am I doing?
We're so stupid.
- Oh, [bleep].
- Jamie.
- Sit down and
enjoy your drink.
- Maybe it's the wind.
- It's definitely the wind.
- Wait, watch your--no.
Shut your hair, bitch.
Everything you've
seen in the movies
about lighting a fire or
the house going on fire
so quickly, it's all lies.
I would never want
to be a caveman--
a caveman, ever, because--
- [bleep]
- I'd be [bleep] right now.
I honestly got to give props
to the cavemen
because this [bleep]
is extra hard.
- Come on.
- Go, go, go.
- Yeah, do you have some money?
- What, are you [bleep] nuts?
- At this point, I don't
even know what we're burning,
but we're trying
to burn everything
to get this fire going.
I did Girl Scouts
for, like, a year.
- How do you not know how
to make a fire then, Nicole?
- Because I only
sold cookies, bitch.
- I'm dead.
- Ange, I feel like we've
been here for two hours.
- I want a fire pit.
- [groans]
- Now the box will set on fire.
- We made fire!
- Whoo! We did.
- [bleep]
[cheering]
- We made a fire!
- I'm, like,
so happy with myself.
- We made a fire.
- I cannot believe it.
We lit that [bleep] fire.
- Cheers to making
our first fire.
- Cheers.
- You did it, Ange.
- Thank you.
- Let's do a truth or dare,
but we're doing truth.
Do you want to [bleep] Vinny?
You like Vinny.
- I've known Vinny
for a long time.
I've always liked
him like that.
I would say, yeah,
I think he's very funny.
Sometimes he makes me
laugh more than others.
- Left, right, side to side,
left, right, side to side.
- [laughs]
I haven't seen bombing that
bad since World War II.
- [laughs]
- You like him.
Just say you like him.
- I like him.
I like him, but I think
we have to put it to rest
because it's all about fate.
And I also feel like we're not
destined to be together, like,
or [bleep] each other again.
- Angelina obviously
likes Vinny,
but I feel like she's
not going to pursue it.
- I'm good.
I can find whoever I want,
whenever I want.
You know what I mean?
- I feel like we should
put this fire out.
There's a fire
extinguisher over there.
- Over there, there is.
Be careful.
- What do you do?
- I don't know.
We have to figure it out.
- Bonk.
You're an EMT.
Show me how you do it.
[laughter]
I'm a firefighter.
- To light the fire,
it's really,
really, really hard, right?
To put it out, you make
it very easy, baby.
- Burn, baby, burn.
- Stop. [inaudible].
We did it.
That's all that matters.
That [bleep] is so hard.
- It's very hard.
My father--my father
was a firefighter.
- I was an EMT.
- So I didn't think
it was gonna be that dramatic.
- Whoever--whoever
made up those
fire starter [bleep] sticks--
- [gasps]
- Okay. She's mad.
- She's trying to sleep.
Jenni just screamed at us.
- Whatever.
- She's mad at us.
- Who gives a [bleep]?
Whoo-hoo!
- Are you not scared
of that yell?
- When you say you're [bleep]
done, be [bleep] done.
Grimy? Grimy?
You wanna talk about
[bleep] grimy?
I'm not done!
- She don't scare me.
- Quiet!
- She's screaming.
- Is she coming out?
- I'm really scared of Jenni.
[peaceful music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Get up, get up,
get up, get up ♪
♪ Light up the sky,
light up the sky ♪
♪ Don't hold back,
don't hold back ♪
[music winds down]
- Ow.
- My God, kill me.
[groans]
- Good morning, Vin.
- Good morning.
What time were you up till?
- 2:30.
- Hi, Vin.
Hi, Ange.
- After seeing Angelina
and Vinny this trip,
they just need to be together.
- Well, I smelled bacon,
and I knew Vincent must
be close by.
Ange, you're cooking breakfast?
All right.
Maybe this is exactly
what Vinny needs,
you know, a woman to cook
for him from Staten Island,
not afraid to--
to whip him into shape or
choke the [bleep] out of him.
- Why is it smoky?
- Angelina's cooking breakfast.
- You cooked?
- Yes.
- Yeah.
- You're alive?
- I'm alive.
- Look at what she set up.
Angelina made breakfast?
How is this bitch alive?
Wow, thanks, Ange.
Angelina has makeup on.
She's like ready to go,
cooking breakfast.
What are you on?
Like, you're crazy.
How are you alive?
- I don't know.
- You were [bleep]
banging [bleep],
like, pots and pans till,
like, 3:00 in the morning.
Did you hear me scream?
- Sorry.
- No, you're not.
- I feel like after the
confessional, we went to bed.
- We did.
- Yeah.
- What was that time, 3:00?
- No, they went to--they went
to bed at, like, 2:30 or 3:00.
- You were still up?
- I was eating chips in my bed.
[laughter]
- He was eating his feelings.
- I was.
- How do you feel today after--
- I feel good.
You know, I slept off
that negativity.
- It's a lot of pressure.
- Life happens,
and I got to accept that L.
- I feel like I didn't
even realize that cornhole
was an actual sport.
Like, I have respect
for cornhole now.
- Guys, we went through
a lot on this trip.
- A lot of [bleep].
- One day.
- Relax.
Let's go pack.
- Let's go.
- What an amazing trip
it has been.
Operation Gym Tan Cornhole
is complete.
We'll see you next time.
- You done packing?
- Basically.
- So what should
we do with Ange?
- She said she likes him.
- She does like him.
- I don't know, man.
I think she's falling
for the Keto Guido
or maybe she wants to revisit--
- Me? What?
- Me and Angeliners
need some privacy.
- If she ever really
felt like that,
I can have a conversation
with her about it.
- We'll just make it,
like, a fun girls' day
so she doesn't know.
And then be like,
"Listen, bitch,
we're doing a date
with you and Vin."
- I think she is trying to,
like, work on herself--
- Yeah.
- To soften because that's
what she thinks that you want.
- I never say never in life.
You never know what can happen.
Like, I don't believe
in absolutes.
So there's, like,
a small chance
that something will happen.
If you sleep with somebody
that you live with
and work with or whatever,
it kind of, like,
muddies the waters a lot.
- I want to do
the "Lady and the Tramp,"
though, like, dinner for them.
Like, the candle,
The little circle table.
- Stop.
And then we're in her ear.
- As time goes by
and you continue
to live in ratchet city--
- Yeah.
- The availability
of options become
limited for settling down.
And Angelina gonna be
sitting there waiting.
Both of y'all gonna be there.
- Her options are limited.
- Both of y'all going to be
sitting in that boat together.
And then, next
thing you know it--
- If she starts
to be my type, I'm down.
- So you're saying
there's a chance.
- You never know what
can happen one day.
- All right, all right.
- We'll pull the date off,
the ultimate date,
for her and Vinny.
- She needs a redemption
for her lap dance, though.
- If she softens up,
you stiffen up.
- Once my [bleep] gets stiff,
all bets are off.
[hip-hop music]
- What the [bleep]?
Oh, my God.
Look at that beetle.
- Holy [bleep].
- Wait, does it fly or not?
What the [bleep]?
Get the girls to come out here,
and we'll take a photo,
and we'll freak them out.
- Guys, one more group photo
before we leave.
- Outside?
- Look, photo.
- No, no, no, there's
something under there.
- Where?
- What?
- There's something
under there.
- No.
- Under where?
- There's something
under there.
Oh, my God!
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[screaming]
- Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
- Oh, my God, it's--
it's "Jurassic Park."
Holy [bleep].
- Ahh!
- Oh, my God, it has eyes.
- Look at the pinchers.
He's like a crab.
- Don't come--[bleep].
- Jenni, come here.
Don't jump.
I want to set him free.
Angelina, this is what
your vagina looks like.
- Stop it.
What is that?
- It's Brenda.
- Don't you dare.
- Leave her alone.
That's not nice.
- No!
- That's not nice.
That's not nice.
[screaming]
It's going over the top!
He's coming out to hug!
- [bleep]
- Give it to Jenni.
- [bleep] off.
I will kill you.
- He's cute.
- He's a good climber.
- That's it.
This is such a [bleep] sign
that it's time to leave.
- Oh, there it goes.
Oh, it's like a spider.
Bye, Brenda.
- Bye, Norm.
Come on, dear.
- Okay.
- Seems like
this one's full, guys.
You're gonna have to go
to the next one.
- How about we have
two vehicles,
let them take a vehicle
together to the airport?
- All right.
- Oi.
Oh, Vinny, you're in the
car with me going home.
- Yep, just us,
the happy couple.
- Hopefully, they get
a little smush-smush in.
- All right.
- It worked.
- I'll sit here.
- ♪ Whoa ♪
- Could I end up with her?
I mean, I guess it's possible.
- ♪ Whoa ♪
- Oh, my God,
I can't believe it,
you and I just left together.
- I think it was by design.
- By design?
- Everyone tried to play Cupid.
- Yeah, of course.
They would be [bleep]
in their pants
if we did anything.
- Listen, they have
history together.
- Yeah.
- They're attracted
to each other.
- Yes.
- She said she wants
to sleep with him.
- For sure.
- There could be a universe
where Angelina and Vinny
finally get together.
You never know.
And I'm definitely
rooting for them.
- Now, we're going to be
at the airport together.
This is destiny, Vin.
[upbeat music]
- Make some noise
for DJ Pauly D!
[cheering]
- Yes, bitch!
We're going to wine country.
Get ready, mamas.
- We're going to wine country?
Vinny puts this whole front on,
but he's actually
nice to me when we're alone.
I think he wants to [bleep] me.
- Oh, my God.
[intense music]
- ♪ Are you ready? ♪
♪ 'Cause it's game time ♪
- MVP road trip, let's go.
- Do you have
the directions to--
- Yeah, you're staying
straight on this for a while.
- We are on a road trip
to Stamford, Connecticut,
for a DJ Pauly D gig
and a food festival.
♪ ♪
- ♪ Whole squad ready
'cause it's game time ♪
♪ Are you ready?
'Cause it's game time ♪
♪ Everybody focused
with the same mind ♪
- What up, man?
- The DJ sits in the back.
- You look good.
What's good?
- What up, man?
How are you?
Good to see you, man.
- MVP in the building.
- You know it, man.
- Let's go get some food
before the foods.
- Exactly, man.
- And you're sitting
next to his snacks.
- Say what?
- So he brought snacks.
- You brought snacks?
- Those are chips just in case.
- It's for the road--
for the road trip.
You can't go on a road trip
and not bring any road snacks.
- Get ready for
the food festival.
- Okay.
- ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Clap them hands one time ♪
♪ If you know that
you're finer than wine ♪
- All right, boys.
- Let's do it.
- A little MVP time
never hurt nobody.
- Hi, guys, how are you?
Party of three for MVP.
We are going
to a food festival.
It's almost like
warming up the pallet.
I need to make way for
more foods that are coming.
I'm going to try
the salmon crispy rice,
the margherita pizza.
- Wow.
- And then I'll try
the rigatoni Bolognese.
- Whoa.
- I'm trying to go
a little light
before the food festival.
- Mm-hmm.
[up-tempo music]
- ♪ Stuck up in your mind
with a solid gold vibe, hey ♪
- Hi, this is Kelly.
- Kelly, it's Moma.
- Hi, Nicole.
- Hi, so I just got your email
about tasting the pinot noir.
And you guys are
sending me the bottles.
But I had a little
proposition for you.
So I have my own wine
called Messy Mama.
I'm kind of like a wine mogul.
Oh, my God.
[screams]
Give me that titty, bitch.
How do you feel about me
actually going to the winery?
And I'll meet everybody but
also, like, bring my girls.
- Oh, my gosh, yes,
let's set it up.
- All right, perfect.
So I'm going to tell the girls.
We'll plan it,
and then we'll be there.
Bitches, it's happening.
Yes, bitch!
We're going to wine country.
Get ready, momas.
- "Hey, ladies,
inviting you to summer
in California wine country
for a girls' weekend trip."
- It's happening?
- We're going to wine country?
- That sounds nice.
- Oh, my God.
- Yas, queens.
- "It's going to
be a business trip.
So classy.
Love you."
First off--
- We in Connecticut, boys.
- MVP road trip.
Let's get it.
- Vinny is not in
New York no more.
- Vinny showed me his new place
in New York City.
- That's a cool place.
- Did Angeliners seen it yet?
- Mm-mm.
- And word on the street
is she actually does
have little feelings for you.
- [bleep]
- Well--
- She's looking to, you know,
soften up those edges for you.
- All I know is
I got the best lap dance
I ever got in my life.
- That looked sexual.
- Yeah.
- It was very sexual.
- Oh, my God.
- Poor Vinny.
- Now, that's how
you get pinkeye.
- I got a photo.
If you look up "the sexiest
lap dance" in the dictionary,
there's a great big picture
of Vinny's face right there.
- Yeah.
No doubt the trip to
North Carolina was weird AF.
Oh, you're stepping
on my [bleep], bro.
I had to go see, like,
a physical therapist.
And you know, it's not easy
finding a physical therapist
for a broken [bleep] bone.
- Y'all are like
the yin and the yang.
You complete each other.
What are we going
to do with this guy?
- ♪ I'm feeling good ♪
- I'm so excited.
Let me call Nicole.
Mama, we're going
to the wineries?
- Wait, we're going
to the wineries, bitch.
- Oh, my God, I'm so excited.
- Yes, all of us girls,
like a girls trip.
And I was thinking this is the
perfect time for us to, like,
introduce maybe
our meatball wine.
- Oh, my God.
- Clearly, the meatballs
love wine.
Yes, queen!
- Make it--
- We're messes.
- But it's working for you.
- Cheers.
So why not make
our own wine together?
- It could be like meatball day
in a bottle or something.
- So we kind of,
like, have to plan it.
We need ideas.
Like, we have to come up
with all this stuff.
So when we get there,
we can present it,
and then she'll be like,
yes, I love it.
- Hell yeah.
Meatball empire, bitches.
- Yes, bitch, so get ready.
We're doing a girls' trip.
- ♪ Whip the bass down low ♪
- Thank you.
♪ Bring it,
bring it down slow ♪
- I'm having trouble
breathing right now.
I ate way too much.
- This kid ate a lot today.
- Lotta [bleep].
[laughter]
Let's roll out, boys.
- All right, let's get it.
- It's good we got a nice meal
in before we hit the festival.
- Yeah.
- It's always good to eat
before you eat.
You know what I'm saying?
- Yeah.
- This show is a food festival.
There's going to be food
literally everywhere
and a straight
festival-type vibe.
- Funnel cake time.
[up-tempo electronic music]
♪ ♪
- Vinny, this is gonna be nuts.
- Yo, this is popping off.
- This is a full-ass festival.
- Yeah, this is Woodstock.
- I'm going this way?
- Nicely done, Mike.
Let's do it, guys.
- Ready?
We making a movie today, boys.
Hey.
[cheering]
audience:
[chanting] Pauly! Pauly!
Pauly!
- That's my cue.
announcer: Make some noise,
make some noise for DJ Pauly D!
[cheering]
- Let's do it!
Connecticut, if you came
to party, make some noise!
[intense electronic music]
Connecticut,
we partying tonight!
Get ready!
♪ ♪
- ♪ I don't think
you're ready ♪
♪ For what's coming next ♪
♪ I got my hands on the floor ♪
♪ And I'm ready to dance ♪
- Ange, Alyss, you back there?
- I'm here.
- Alyssa!
- Hi.
- You want to sit out here?
- Yeah, it's really nice here.
- I'm very happy that I
have my sister in my life.
She's my best friend.
And obviously,
I want to fill her in
on the whole
North Carolina trip.
I have to talk to somebody.
It was crazy.
Mike lost, unfortunately.
- I know.
- But he did really good.
- Okay, that's fun.
How's the rest of the vibe?
- You know, I got
a little drunk.
And you know how I always
play games with, like, Vin.
Me and him have that,
like, [bleep] up banter.
- Yeah, it's kind of ongoing.
- Vinny and I have been
flirty for so long.
It's just, like, what we do.
We flirt back and forth.
We've been doing
this for decades.
- You [bleep] like him.
You like him. Just say it.
- I mean, I've always
liked him like that.
- Vinny puts this whole
front on
when he's in front
of the roommates.
But when it's just me and him,
he's actually nice to me
when we're alone.
In the car ride
to the airport,
he admits that if
I wasn't that drunk,
he would have tried
to hook up with me.
- [bleep]
Damn it, alcohol.
I feel like everybody in this
world wants it to happen.
We are the only single ones.
- It's like a bond, you know?
- Well, we have a bond,
you know, but he doesn't
like to show it too much.
But when we're alone,
he's very nice.
He's extra nice to me.
He's actually the Vinny
I like when we're alone.
So you have three
different Vinnys:
when he's with the roommates,
when he's with me,
and when he drinks.
He's not the same at all
in any of the three.
I wish I could have alone Vinny
and drunk Vinny in one night.
I just would love to see
what would happen.
I want realness.
I don't want fake anymore.
And that's just it.
- Yeah, that's
what you deserve.
Maybe you should
give him a chance.
- I think he wants
to [bleep] me.
- Oh, my God.
- No, I do.
- Oh, wow, plot twist.
- ♪ I know you want it ♪
♪ Go get it ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ So I been, so I been told ♪
♪ I am so bold ♪
♪ ♪
- 1, 2, and 3, 4.
- My vagina is out.
- Can I please have
Nachos Grande
and a Crunchwrap Supreme?
[screaming]
- Stop it!
- Ooh, Dancing with the Stars.
Holy [bleep]!
Vinny Guadaniners.
- Champagne facial, everybody.
- To who?
- Oh, my God.
- Blow it.
[upbeat dance music]
[propellers whirring]
- I'm going to have
a heart attack.
- Oh, [bleep]. Let's get it.
- Oh, my God.
- I can't believe you guys
made me jump.
[screaming]
- Guys, stop.
- If you came to party,
make some noise one time!
- I'll give you beads
if you show me your tits.
Whoo!
[cheering, screaming]
- Oh!
- I can't.
- Somebody tell her
to shut the [bleep] up.
- Continue to play the victim
in the storm you created.
- Here we go, gaslighter.
- She's talking [bleep]
like I did something wrong.
- Yo, JWOWW got an
amazing back fist.
- I don't give a [bleep].
- Oh, snap.
- Guys, come on.
We're in church.
Does anybody know
how to spell MVP?